Documentation to Remove/Replace KindOfQuantity from an ECProperty (#6634)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/bis/ec/kindofquantity.md

  ```
  - If the unit label override is kept unset `TestFormat[TestUnitMajor]`, the final label will default to the unit's display label `TestUnitMajorLabel`.
  - If the unit label override is set to an empty string `TestFormat[TestUnitMajor|]`, the final label will set to an empty string.
  - If the unit label override is set to a valid `TestFormat[TestUnitMajor|centimetre]`, the final label will be the overriden string `centimetre`.

### Updating KindOfQuantity on ECProperty

> In some scenarios, you may need to remove or replace the KindOfQuantity assigned to an [ECProperty](./ec-property.md) within your iModel schema. Such modifications can help correct errors in the initial schema design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KindOfQuantity assigned to a property can be switch to any other KindOfQuantity that has the same persistence unit.  In some scenarios, you may need to remove or change the persistence unit of an [ECProperty](./ec-property.md) within your iModel schema.
```
